to see how she can engage more people
with her message
greta has come to london
she's seeking the advice of someone
who's been sharing the wonders of the
natural world
for over 70 years sir david attenborough
hi hi how are you doing i'm good nice to
see you
nice to meet you it's an honor to meet
you and thank you for
we i want to ask you have you during
your career
seen any any changes in the natural
world because you obviously had the
opportunity to see it
firsthand what happened first was that
you suddenly
realized that there were animals that
had been there once
and aren't there anymore the public as a
whole
thought well that's it's interesting but
they didn't actually realize we're
changing the world
you know or even consider that we might
be changing the climate
and for a long time it suited people to
bury their heads in the sand but it is
to do with us
and we know about the way the world
works that's what science is about
we need to reach some kind of tipping
point
what would you say to to people
especially young people who feel like
there isn't
any point in doing this because no one
is listening anyway
people are listening i mean there is a
precedent
of course there was there was a time
30 years ago when it really looked as
though we might
certainly exterminate several species of
big whales
fishing nations maritime nations of the
world did get together
and did say okay unless we do something
we're going to lose everything
and there just could be a change in
moral
attitude from people worldwide
politicians worldwide to see that
self-interest is for the past
common interest is for the future
we've seen many young people started to
speak up more and more and to realize
the urgency but do you have any thoughts
or ideas how we can activate
the older generations as well because we
need everyone
yes we do my generation has
made a mess of things we've known that
it's happening and
we've done nothing or next to nothing i
mean we have to make major changes to
the way we live
and that's why you've you've done such a
lot you really have
you've spoken for the generation is
going to have to look after this i've
been bleaching about this for a long
time but the big changes came
when you spoke and um
that that's that's brought hope
[Music]